README.md, before:

# RazerGenie

Standalone Qt application for configuring your Razer devices under GNU/Linux.

![Screenshot of application](https://z3ntu.github.io/RazerGenie/screenshots/mainwindow.png)

## Installation
Packages are available for these distributions:
* **Arch Linux:** you can install the package from the AUR: [razergenie](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/razergenie/) or [razergenie-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/razergenie-git/).
* **Debian/Fedora/openSUSE/Ubuntu:** [Download from OBS (openSUSE Build Service)](https://software.opensuse.org//download.html?project=hardware%3Arazer&package=razergenie)
* **Solus:** Install `razergenie` via the Software Center

If you are using a distribution not listed here please let me know and I'll try to make a package for that distribution!

## How to compile
```
mkdir build && cd build
# Either:
cmake ..
# Or - to enable experimental (=unfinished) features
cmake -DENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL=ON ..
make
./src/razergenie
# You could install it with 'make install' but that's not recommended as files get left in the filesystem (use a distribution package, if available!).
```

Commit message:

Add support for the meson build system

README.md, after:

# RazerGenie

Standalone Qt application for configuring your Razer devices under GNU/Linux.

![Screenshot of application](https://z3ntu.github.io/RazerGenie/screenshots/mainwindow.png)

## Installation
Packages are available for these distributions:
* **Arch Linux:** you can install the package from the AUR: [razergenie](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/razergenie/) or [razergenie-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/razergenie-git/).
* **Debian/Fedora/openSUSE/Ubuntu:** [Download from OBS (openSUSE Build Service)](https://software.opensuse.org//download.html?project=hardware%3Arazer&package=razergenie)
* **Solus:** Install `razergenie` via the Software Center

If you are using a distribution not listed here please let me know and I'll try to make a package for that distribution!

## How to compile
```
mkdir build && cd build
meson ..
# If you want to enable experimental (=unfinished) features
meson configure -Denable_experimental=true
ninja
./src/razergenie
# You could install it with 'ninja install' but that's not recommended as files get left in the filesystem (use a distribution package, if available!).
```
